What has to be done before the 1.2.0 Release
--------------------------------------------
* Sync Docs with reality (there are things described which have not been
  implemented)

* Write Changes Document with all new features

* Update Tutorials for new Release.

Future Ideas
------------
reverse order of stacked graph entries prior to plotting ... this is to make
plotting order more naturally fit with the ordering of the legend ...

make it possible to define order of legend items independant of their order
on the commandline ...

use XDR to write architecture independant date

have drawing methode modifier for the LINE, AREA, STACK functions which allows
to select wether the data points should be presented as stepes (todays state)
or connected with lines.

LINEx:ds[#color][/method]:description

be more clever in the fetch function when no complete data coverage for the
desired area is possible.

Let the user define the base resolution of the graph independently of
the pixel resolution. If it is smaller than one pixel it will simply
be ignored

allow sub second precision for the step definition

modularise consolidation and acquisition functions

Allow the user to define vertical scaling of graphs in a more flexible way.
some thing like --inner-range 0-1000 and --outer-range 0-10000 which means
that the grapher can choose its vertical scaling in the given range ... 
this would replace upper and lower limit

make the inclusion of G?PRINT like output in to the lables of other graph 
elements possible

add axis on the right and on top of the graph ... 

add configurable counter wrap

95th percentile plotting

build derivatives while plotting

show trend by building moving average and represent it as an arrow

offer side by side tiny box plots for each succesive hour, or some other
means of seeing the variation rather than just the mean level

circular periodic plots ... (polar)

analyse data in non time domain ... 

add smothing functions to grapher, using rolling average ... 

make VRULE and HRULE with 123 versions ... 

have configurable role-over limits for counters

align data points not to GMT but some free offset

allow starting through symlinks called rrdcreate rrdtune and the like
